hey everyone Luca here and thanks for
joining me on this episode of AI
simplified in Microsoft teams I don't
know about you but it can sometimes be
tough to get my workday started with all
the meetings I have coming up emails I
need to respond to and content I have to
review it can be easy to miss something
or not feel fully prepared so how do I
get a head start on my day I just head
over to Microsoft co-pilot in teams here
I am in team teams and I've got a few
things already that I need to catch up
on I'll just navigate to my teams chats
and click on co-pilot here to start a
new conversation this will search across
all my Microsoft 365 apps and
experiences pulling in relevant
documents emails and more within teams
to help answer my prompts I'll start
with a simple prompt help me get ready
for this week co-pilot searches across
teams and tells me all the pressing
meetings I have coming up who they are
with and when it connects the dots for
me this is great but I also want to know
what I need to go over before those
meetings instead of going back and forth
between apps I just asked co-pilot how
can I prepare for those meetings it's
pulled a couple of relevant Powerpoints
and Word Documents I can look over
before I have my meetings those relevant
documents are here with links listed in
one place and I didn't have to take the
time to go and find each one
individually
now I'm ready to take on any day thanks
to co-pilot and teams
[Music]