hi there I'm Luca and thanks for joining
me on this episode of AI simplified in
Microsoft teams today we will go over a
feature in Microsoft co-pilot in teams
that is sometimes overlooked but great
for maintaining your privacy co-pilot
and teams meetings without transcription
sometimes I have a meeting that
shouldn't or can't be recorded or
transcribed well now with co-pilot
without transcript I can still Leverage
The Power of co-pilot while keeping a
sensitive meeting unrecorded to use this
feature go to your teams calendar and
create a
meeting select more options and scroll
down to co-pilot and select without
transcription from the drop- down menu
this allows me to go into my meeting and
all I have to do is click on the
co-pilot icon in teams and it will start
from that point in the
conversation let's say I want to know
what we have covered so far I'll ask
co-pilot what topics have we talked
about in the meeting even though no
information is being stored co-pilot is
still able to provide me with answers
based on what was
discussed since no physical recording or
transcript is available after the
meeting ends a meeting recap will not be
generated and co-pilot in meeting recap
will not be available to use after the
meeting and that's all for today's
episode of AI simplified in Microsoft
teams
[Music]