[Music]
hey everyone I'm Luca and welcome to
another episode of AI simplified in
teams today I wanted to share one of my
favorite co-pilot tips recapping chat
threads in teams anytime I've been out
of the office in training for a week or
working with a team that is across
different time zones I always come back
to tons of unread messages I need to
catch up on but with three clicks
co-pilot quickly summarizes what I
missed all I have to do now now is go
into any busy chat click the co-pilot
logo select the more prompts button in
the bottom corner and choose highlights
from the past 7 Days co-pilot then
generates a 7-Day highlight for me that
synthesizes all the key information I
had missed in this chat I can even go
further than just the summary asking
co-pilot to organize the action items in
a table so I have a clear idea of what I
missed and just to check in with my team
I'll copy and paste and share those
action items and get the discussion back
on track now instead of spending hours
scrolling through my messages to find
the information I needed I can do it
effortlessly and visualize it easily
with co-pilot and teams